conduct.md, before:

# npm Code of Conduct

npm exists to facilitate sharing code, by making it easy for
JavaScript module developers to publish and distribute packages.

npm is as much a community as it is a piece of technology, if not
moreso.

We believe that our mission is best served in an environment that is
friendly, safe, and accepting; free from intimidation or harassment.

Towards this end, certain behaviors and practices will not be
tolerated.

## tl;dr

* Be nice.
* Abusive behavior is not ever tolerated.
* Data published to npm is hosted at the pleasure of the service
  administrators, and may be removed.
* Violations of this code may result in swift and permanent expulsion
  from the npm community.

## Scope

We expect all members of the npm community, including paid and unpaid
agents, administrators, users, and customers of npm, Inc., to abide by
this Code of Conduct at all times in all npm community venues, online
and in person, and in one-on-one communications pertaining to npm
business.

This policy covers the usage of the npm registry, as well as the npm
website, npm related events, and any other services offered by or on
behalf of npm, Inc. (collectively, the "Service").  It also applies to
behavior in the context of the npm Open Source project communities,
including but not limited to public GitHub repositories, IRC channels,
mailing lists, and public events.

This Code of Conduct is in addition to, and does not in any way
nullify or invalidate, any other terms or conditions related to use of
the Service.

The definitions of various subjective terms such as "discriminatory",
"hateful", or "confusing" will be decided at the sole discretion of
the npm administrators.

## Friendly Harassment-Free Space

There is never a good reason to be rude to other users.

We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming
environment for all, regardless of gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, ethnicity, religion, or similar personal
characteristics.

We ask that you please respect that people have differences of opinion
regarding technical choices, and that every design or implementation
choice carries a trade-off and numerous costs.  There is seldom a
single right answer.  A difference of technology preferences is not a
license to be rude.

Please avoid using overtly sexual package names, nicknames, or other
identifiers that might detract from a friendly, safe, and welcoming
environment for all.

Disputes over package rights must be handled respectfully, according
to the terms described in the npm Dispute Resolution document.

Any spamming, trolling, flaming, baiting, or other attention-stealing
behaviour is not welcome, and will not be tolerated.

Harassing other users of the Service is never tolerated, whether via
public or private media.

Harassment includes, but is not limited to: harmful or prejudicial
verbal or written comments related to gender identity, sexual
orientation, race, religion, disability; inappropriate use of nudity
and/or sexual images in public spaces; threats of physical or
non-physical harm; deliberate intimidation, stalking or following;
harassing photography or recording; sustained disruption of talks or
other events; inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual
attention.

## Acceptable Package Content

The Service administrators reserve the right to make judgement calls
about what is and isn't appropriate in published packages.  These are
guidelines to help you be successful in our community.

Packages published to the Service must be created using the npm
command-line client, or a functionally equivalent implementation.  For
example, a "package" must not be a PNG or JPEG image, movie file, or
text document.  Using the Service as a personal general-purpose
database is also not allowed for this reason.  Packages should be npm
packages, and nothing else.

Packages must contain some functionality.  "Squatting", that is,
publishing an empty package to "reserve" a name, is not allowed.

Packages must not contain illegal content.  This includes content
which violates software license agreements or other intellectual
property restrictions.  For example, redistributing an MIT-licensed
module with the copyright notice removed, would not be allowed.

Packages must not be malware.  For example, a package which is
designed to maliciously exploit or damage computer systems, is not
allowed.  However, an explicitly documented penetration testing
library designed to be used for white-hat security research would most
likely be fine.

Package name, description, and other visible metadata must not include
abusive, inappropriate, or harassing content.

## Consequences

All content published to the Service, including user account
credentials, is hosted at the sole discretion of the npm
administrators.

Unacceptable behavior from any community member, including sponsors,
employees, customers, or others with decision-making authority, will
not be tolerated.

Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply
immediately.

If a community member engages in unacceptable behavior, the npm
administrators may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and
including a temporary ban or permanent expulsion from the community
without warning (and without refund in the case of a paid event or
service).

## Addressing Grievances

If you feel you have been falsely or unfairly accused of violating
this Code of Conduct, you should notify npm, Inc.  We will do our best
to ensure that your grievance is handled appropriately.

In general, we will choose the course of action that we judge as being
most in the interest of fostering a safe and friendly community.

## Contact Info

Please contact <abuse@npmjs.com> if you need to report a problem or
address a grievance related to an abuse report.

If this is the initial report of a problem, please include as much
detail as possible.  It is easiest for us to address issues when we
have more context.

You are also encouraged to contact us if you are curious about
something that might be "on the line" between appropriate and
inappropriate content.  We are happy to provide guidance to help you
be a successful part of our community.

## Credit and License

This Code of Conduct borrows heavily from the Stumptown Syndicate
[Citizen's Code of Conduct](http://citizencodeofconduct.org/), and the
[Rust Project Code of
Conduct](https://github.com/mozilla/rust/wiki/Note-development-policy#conduct).

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

## Changes

* `2014-05-11` First draft

Commit message:

Don't list change summaries. Just link to the git history.

conduct.md, after:

# npm Code of Conduct

npm exists to facilitate sharing code, by making it easy for
JavaScript module developers to publish and distribute packages.

npm is as much a community as it is a piece of technology, if not
moreso.

We believe that our mission is best served in an environment that is
friendly, safe, and accepting; free from intimidation or harassment.

Towards this end, certain behaviors and practices will not be
tolerated.

## tl;dr

* Be nice.
* Abusive behavior is not ever tolerated.
* Data published to npm is hosted at the pleasure of the service
  administrators, and may be removed.
* Violations of this code may result in swift and permanent expulsion
  from the npm community.

## Scope

We expect all members of the npm community, including paid and unpaid
agents, administrators, users, and customers of npm, Inc., to abide by
this Code of Conduct at all times in all npm community venues, online
and in person, and in one-on-one communications pertaining to npm
business.

This policy covers the usage of the npm registry, as well as the npm
website, npm related events, and any other services offered by or on
behalf of npm, Inc. (collectively, the "Service").  It also applies to
behavior in the context of the npm Open Source project communities,
including but not limited to public GitHub repositories, IRC channels,
mailing lists, and public events.

This Code of Conduct is in addition to, and does not in any way
nullify or invalidate, any other terms or conditions related to use of
the Service.

The definitions of various subjective terms such as "discriminatory",
"hateful", or "confusing" will be decided at the sole discretion of
the npm administrators.

## Friendly Harassment-Free Space

There is never a good reason to be rude to other users.

We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming
environment for all, regardless of gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, ethnicity, religion, or similar personal
characteristics.

We ask that you please respect that people have differences of opinion
regarding technical choices, and that every design or implementation
choice carries a trade-off and numerous costs.  There is seldom a
single right answer.  A difference of technology preferences is not a
license to be rude.

Please avoid using overtly sexual package names, nicknames, or other
identifiers that might detract from a friendly, safe, and welcoming
environment for all.

Disputes over package rights must be handled respectfully, according
to the terms described in the npm Dispute Resolution document.

Any spamming, trolling, flaming, baiting, or other attention-stealing
behaviour is not welcome, and will not be tolerated.

Harassing other users of the Service is never tolerated, whether via
public or private media.

Harassment includes, but is not limited to: harmful or prejudicial
verbal or written comments related to gender identity, sexual
orientation, race, religion, disability; inappropriate use of nudity
and/or sexual images in public spaces; threats of physical or
non-physical harm; deliberate intimidation, stalking or following;
harassing photography or recording; sustained disruption of talks or
other events; inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual
attention.

## Acceptable Package Content

The Service administrators reserve the right to make judgement calls
about what is and isn't appropriate in published packages.  These are
guidelines to help you be successful in our community.

Packages published to the Service must be created using the npm
command-line client, or a functionally equivalent implementation.  For
example, a "package" must not be a PNG or JPEG image, movie file, or
text document.  Using the Service as a personal general-purpose
database is also not allowed for this reason.  Packages should be npm
packages, and nothing else.

Packages must contain some functionality.  "Squatting", that is,
publishing an empty package to "reserve" a name, is not allowed.

Packages must not contain illegal content.  This includes content
which violates software license agreements or other intellectual
property restrictions.  For example, redistributing an MIT-licensed
module with the copyright notice removed, would not be allowed.

Packages must not be malware.  For example, a package which is
designed to maliciously exploit or damage computer systems, is not
allowed.  However, an explicitly documented penetration testing
library designed to be used for white-hat security research would most
likely be fine.

Package name, description, and other visible metadata must not include
abusive, inappropriate, or harassing content.

## Consequences

All content published to the Service, including user account
credentials, is hosted at the sole discretion of the npm
administrators.

Unacceptable behavior from any community member, including sponsors,
employees, customers, or others with decision-making authority, will
not be tolerated.

Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply
immediately.

If a community member engages in unacceptable behavior, the npm
administrators may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and
including a temporary ban or permanent expulsion from the community
without warning (and without refund in the case of a paid event or
service).

## Addressing Grievances

If you feel you have been falsely or unfairly accused of violating
this Code of Conduct, you should notify npm, Inc.  We will do our best
to ensure that your grievance is handled appropriately.

In general, we will choose the course of action that we judge as being
most in the interest of fostering a safe and friendly community.

## Contact Info

Please contact <abuse@npmjs.com> if you need to report a problem or
address a grievance related to an abuse report.

If this is the initial report of a problem, please include as much
detail as possible.  It is easiest for us to address issues when we
have more context.

You are also encouraged to contact us if you are curious about
something that might be "on the line" between appropriate and
inappropriate content.  We are happy to provide guidance to help you
be a successful part of our community.

## Changes

This is a living document and may be updated from time to time.
Please refer to the [git history for this
document](https://github.com/npm/policies/commits/master/conduct.md)
to view the changes.

## Credit and License

This Code of Conduct borrows heavily from the Stumptown Syndicate
[Citizen's Code of Conduct](http://citizencodeofconduct.org/), and the
[Rust Project Code of
Conduct](https://github.com/mozilla/rust/wiki/Note-development-policy#conduct).

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
