disputes.md, before:

# Dispute Resolution

This describes the steps that you should take to resolve module name
disputes with other npm publishers.

This is a clarification of the acceptable behavior outlined in the npm
Code of Conduct, and nothing in this document should be interpreted to
contradict any aspect of the npm Code of Conduct.

## tl;dr

1. Get the author email with `npm owner ls <pkgname>`
2. Email the author, CC <support@npmjs.com>
3. After a few weeks, if there's no resolution, we'll sort it out.

Don't squat on package names.  Publish code or move out of the way.

## Description

There sometimes arise cases where a user publishes a module, and then
later, some other user wants to use that name.  Here are some common
ways that happens (each of these is based on actual events.)

1. Joe writes a JavaScript module `foo`, which is not node-specific.
   Joe doesn't use node at all.  Bob wants to use `foo` in node, so he
   wraps it in an npm module.  Some time later, Joe starts using node,
   and wants to take over management of his program.
2. Bob writes an npm module `foo`, and publishes it.  Perhaps much
   later, Joe finds a bug in `foo`, and fixes it.  He sends a pull
   request to Bob, but Bob doesn't have the time to deal with it,
   because he has a new job and a new baby and is focused on his new
   erlang project, and kind of not involved with node any more.  Joe
   would like to publish a new `foo`, but can't, because the name is
   taken.
3. Bob writes a 10-line flow-control library, and calls it `foo`, and
   publishes it to the npm registry.  Being a simple little thing, it
   never really has to be updated.  Joe works for Foo Inc, the makers
   of the critically acclaimed and widely-marketed `foo` JavaScript
   toolkit framework.  They publish it to npm as `foojs`, but people
   are routinely confused when `npm install foo` is some different
   thing.
4. Bob writes a parser for the widely-known `foo` file format, because
   he needs it for work.  Then, he gets a new job, and never updates
   the prototype.  Later on, Joe writes a much more complete `foo`
   parser, but can't publish, because Bob's `foo` is in the way.

The validity of Joe's claim in each situation can be debated.
However, Joe's appropriate course of action in each case is the same.

1. `npm owner ls foo`.  This will tell Joe the email address of the
   owner (Bob).
2. Joe emails Bob, explaining the situation **as respectfully as
   possible**, and what he would like to do with the module name.  He
   adds the npm support staff <support@npmjs.com> to the CC list of
   the email.  Mention in the email that Bob can run `npm owner add
   joe foo` to add Joe as an owner of the `foo` package.
3. After a reasonable amount of time, if Bob has not responded, or if
   Bob and Joe can't come to any sort of resolution, email support
   <support@npmjs.com> and we'll sort it out.  ("Reasonable" is
   usually at least 4 weeks, but extra time is allowed around common
   holidays.)

## Reasoning

in almost every case so far, the parties involved have been able to
reach an amicable resolution without any major intervention.  Most
people really do want to be reasonable, and are probably not even
aware that they're in your way.

Module ecosystems are most vibrant and powerful when they are as
self-directed as possible.  If an admin one day deletes something you
had worked on, then that is going to make most people quite upset,
regardless of the justification.  When humans solve their problems by
talking to other humans with respect, everyone has the chance to end
up feeling good about the interaction.

## Exceptions

Some things are not allowed, and will be removed without discussion if
they are brought to the attention of the npm registry admins,
including but not limited to:

1. Malware (that is, a package designed to exploit or harm the machine
   on which it is installed).
2. Violations of copyright or licenses (for example, cloning an
   MIT-licensed program, and then removing or changing the copyright
   and license statement).
3. Illegal content.
4. "Squatting" on a package name that you *plan* to use, but aren't
   actually using.  Sorry, I don't care how great the name is, or how
   perfect a fit it is for the thing that someday might happen.  If
   someone wants to use it today, and you're just taking up space with
   an empty tarball, you're going to be evicted.
5. Putting empty packages in the registry.  Packages must have SOME
   functionality.  It can be silly, but it can't be *nothing*.  (See
   also: squatting.)
6. Doing weird things with the registry, like using it as your own
   personal application database or otherwise putting non-packagey
   things into it.
7. Other things forbidden by the npm Code of Conduct, such as hateful
   language, pornographic content, or harassment.

If you see bad behavior like this, please report it right away.

## License

Copyright (C) npm, Inc., All rights reserved

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

## Changes

* `2014-05-11` Ported from npm client documentation to standalone doc

Commit message:

Change Joe to Alice
Alice and Bob is fairly standard,
and this is a little less "everyone in tech is a dude"

disputes.md, after:

# Dispute Resolution

This describes the steps that you should take to resolve module name
disputes with other npm publishers.

This is a clarification of the acceptable behavior outlined in the npm
Code of Conduct, and nothing in this document should be interpreted to
contradict any aspect of the npm Code of Conduct.

## tl;dr

1. Get the author email with `npm owner ls <pkgname>`
2. Email the author, CC <support@npmjs.com>
3. After a few weeks, if there's no resolution, we'll sort it out.

Don't squat on package names.  Publish code or move out of the way.

## Description

There sometimes arise cases where a user publishes a module, and then
later, some other user wants to use that name.  Here are some common
ways that happens (each of these is based on actual events.)

1. Alice writes a JavaScript module `foo`, which is not node-specific.
   Alice doesn't use node at all.  Bob wants to use `foo` in node, so he
   wraps it in an npm module.  Some time later, Alice starts using node,
   and wants to take over management of his program.
2. Bob writes an npm module `foo`, and publishes it.  Perhaps much
   later, Alice finds a bug in `foo`, and fixes it.  He sends a pull
   request to Bob, but Bob doesn't have the time to deal with it,
   because he has a new job and a new baby and is focused on his new
   erlang project, and kind of not involved with node any more.  Alice
   would like to publish a new `foo`, but can't, because the name is
   taken.
3. Bob writes a 10-line flow-control library, and calls it `foo`, and
   publishes it to the npm registry.  Being a simple little thing, it
   never really has to be updated.  Alice works for Foo Inc, the makers
   of the critically acclaimed and widely-marketed `foo` JavaScript
   toolkit framework.  They publish it to npm as `foojs`, but people
   are routinely confused when `npm install foo` is some different
   thing.
4. Bob writes a parser for the widely-known `foo` file format, because
   he needs it for work.  Then, he gets a new job, and never updates
   the prototype.  Later on, Alice writes a much more complete `foo`
   parser, but can't publish, because Bob's `foo` is in the way.

The validity of Alice's claim in each situation can be debated.
However, Alice's appropriate course of action in each case is the same.

1. `npm owner ls foo`.  This will tell Alice the email address of the
   owner (Bob).
2. Alice emails Bob, explaining the situation **as respectfully as
   possible**, and what he would like to do with the module name.  He
   adds the npm support staff <support@npmjs.com> to the CC list of
   the email.  Mention in the email that Bob can run `npm owner add
   joe foo` to add Alice as an owner of the `foo` package.
3. After a reasonable amount of time, if Bob has not responded, or if
   Bob and Alice can't come to any sort of resolution, email support
   <support@npmjs.com> and we'll sort it out.  ("Reasonable" is
   usually at least 4 weeks, but extra time is allowed around common
   holidays.)

## Reasoning

in almost every case so far, the parties involved have been able to
reach an amicable resolution without any major intervention.  Most
people really do want to be reasonable, and are probably not even
aware that they're in your way.

Module ecosystems are most vibrant and powerful when they are as
self-directed as possible.  If an admin one day deletes something you
had worked on, then that is going to make most people quite upset,
regardless of the justification.  When humans solve their problems by
talking to other humans with respect, everyone has the chance to end
up feeling good about the interaction.

## Exceptions

Some things are not allowed, and will be removed without discussion if
they are brought to the attention of the npm registry admins,
including but not limited to:

1. Malware (that is, a package designed to exploit or harm the machine
   on which it is installed).
2. Violations of copyright or licenses (for example, cloning an
   MIT-licensed program, and then removing or changing the copyright
   and license statement).
3. Illegal content.
4. "Squatting" on a package name that you *plan* to use, but aren't
   actually using.  Sorry, I don't care how great the name is, or how
   perfect a fit it is for the thing that someday might happen.  If
   someone wants to use it today, and you're just taking up space with
   an empty tarball, you're going to be evicted.
5. Putting empty packages in the registry.  Packages must have SOME
   functionality.  It can be silly, but it can't be *nothing*.  (See
   also: squatting.)
6. Doing weird things with the registry, like using it as your own
   personal application database or otherwise putting non-packagey
   things into it.
7. Other things forbidden by the npm Code of Conduct, such as hateful
   language, pornographic content, or harassment.

If you see bad behavior like this, please report it right away.

## License

Copyright (C) npm, Inc., All rights reserved

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

## Changes

* `2014-05-11` Ported from npm client documentation to standalone doc
