organizations-plan.md, before:

# npm Organizations Payment Plan

This npm Organizations Payment Plan (this _Payment Plan_) supplements
the terms for npm Open Source offered by npm, Inc. (_npm_) at
<https://www.npmjs.com/policies/open-source-terms> (_npm Open Source
Terms_), as well as the terms for npm Private Packages (_npm Private
Packages_) at <https://www.npmjs.com/policies/private-terms> (_npm
Private Packages Terms_). This Payment Plan governs payment for npm
Private Packages organizations (_Organizations_) and use of npm Private
Packages by user accounts added as members of those Organizations.

This Payment Plan was last updated on
December 1, 2015.
You can review prior versions at
<https://github.com/npm/policies/commits/master/organizations-plan.md>.

Under this Payment Plan, you may create one or more Organizations.

You will pay a minimum of $14.00 via your Payment Card when you create
an Organization and at the end of each month-long period, until you
delete the organization. This minimum payment entitles you to add up to
two user accounts not otherwise entitled to use npm Private Packages as
member of the organization (_New Private Packages Accounts_), and an
unlimited number of other user accounts. You will pay $7.00 via your
Payment Card per each additional New Private Package User (above two)
that you add to an Organization, when you add them as a member and at
the end of each month-long period.

The account holders of New Private Packages Accounts that you add as
members of your Organizations will be entitled to use npm Private
Packages under this Payment Plan, provided the account holders agree to
and abide by the npm Open Source Terms and npm Private Packages Terms.
These rights will not limit npm's right to enforce the npm Open Source
Terms, npm Private Packages Terms, or other terms.

Commit message:

Rename "npm Private Packages" to "npm Paid Services"

organizations-plan.md, after:

# npm Organizations Payment Plan

This npm Organizations Payment Plan (this _Payment Plan_) supplements
the terms for npm Open Source offered by npm, Inc. (_npm_) at
<https://www.npmjs.com/policies/open-source-terms> (_npm Open Source
Terms_), as well as the terms for npm Paid Services (_npm Paid
Services_) at <https://www.npmjs.com/policies/private-terms> (_npm
Paid Services Terms_). This Payment Plan governs payment for npm
organizations (_Organizations_) using npm Paid Services, and use of npm Paid
Services by user accounts added as members of those Organizations.

This Payment Plan was last updated on
December 1, 2015.
You can review prior versions at
<https://github.com/npm/policies/commits/master/organizations-plan.md>.

Under this Payment Plan, you may create one or more Organizations.

You will pay a minimum of $14.00 via your Payment Card when you create
an Organization and at the end of each month-long period, until you
delete the organization. This minimum payment entitles you to add up to
two user accounts not otherwise entitled to use npm Paid Services as
member of the organization (_New Paid Services Accounts_), and an
unlimited number of other user accounts. You will pay $7.00 via your
Payment Card per each additional New Paid Services User (above two)
that you add to an Organization, when you add them as a member and at
the end of each month-long period.

The account holders of New Paid Services Accounts that you add as
members of your Organizations will be entitled to use npm Paid
Services under this Payment Plan, provided the account holders agree to
and abide by the npm Open Source Terms and npm Paid Services Terms.
These rights will not limit npm's right to enforce the npm Open Source
Terms, npm Paid Services Terms, or other terms.
