organization-plan.md, before:

# npm Organization Payment Plan

This npm Organization Payment Plan (this _Payment Plan_) supplements
the terms for npm Open Source offered by npm, Inc. (_npm_) at
<https://www.npmjs.com/policies/open-source-terms> (_npm Open Source
Terms_), as well as the terms for npm Private Packages (_npm Private
Packages_) at <https://www.npmjs.com/policies/private-terms> (_npm
Private Packages Terms_). This Payment Plan governs payment for
(_npm Organizations_) and use of npm Private Packages by user
accounts added as members of those Organizations.

This Payment Plan was last updated on
June 27, 2017.
You can review prior versions at
<https://github.com/npm/policies/commits/master/organization-plan.md>.

Under this Payment Plan, you may create one or more Organizations.

You will pay a minimum of $7.00 via your Payment Card when you create
an Organization and thereafter on the same day every month (your
_Billing Day_), until you delete the organization. This minimum payment
entitles you to a single member of the organization (a _New Private
Packages User_). You will pay $7.00 via your Payment Card per each
additional New Private Package User that you add to an Organization,
counted and billed on your Billing Day.

Commit message:

All instances of "npm Private Packages" to "npm Paid Services"

organization-plan.md, after:

# npm Organization Payment Plan

This npm Organization Payment Plan (this _Payment Plan_) supplements
the terms for npm Open Source offered by npm, Inc. (_npm_) at
<https://www.npmjs.com/policies/open-source-terms> (_npm Open Source
Terms_), as well as the terms for npm Paid Services (_npm Paid Services)
at <https://www.npmjs.com/policies/private-terms> (_npm
Paid Services Terms_). This Payment Plan governs payment for
(_npm Organizations_) and use of npm Paid Services by user
accounts added as members of those Organizations.

This Payment Plan was last updated on
June 27, 2017.
You can review prior versions at
<https://github.com/npm/policies/commits/master/organization-plan.md>.

Under this Payment Plan, you may create one or more Organizations.

You will pay a minimum of $7.00 via your Payment Card when you create
an Organization and thereafter on the same day every month (your
_Billing Day_), until you delete the organization. This minimum payment
entitles you to a single member of the organization (a _New Paid Services
User_). You will pay $7.00 via your Payment Card per each additional
New Paid Services User that you add to an Organization, counted and
billed on your Billing Day.
