private-modules-terms.md, before:

# npm Private Modules Terms

These npm Private Modules Terms of Use (these _npm Private Modules
Terms_) supplement the terms for npm Open Source offered by npm, Inc.
(_npm_) at <https://www.npmjs.com/policies/open-source-terms> (_npm
Open Source Terms_). They govern access to and use of _npm Private
Modules_, the personal private package storage and delivery features of
<https://www.npmjs.com> (the _Website_) and the npm public registry at
<https://registry.npmjs.com> (the _Public Registry_).

These npm Private Modules Terms were last updated on
November 9, 2015. You can review prior versions at
<https://github.com/npm/policies/commits/master/private-modules-terms.md>.

You may only access or use npm Private Modules by agreeing to the npm
Open Source Terms as supplemented by these npm Private Modules Terms. If
npm adds any additional functionality to npm Private Modules, you must
agree to these npm Private Modules Terms to use those new features, too.
You add these npm Private Modules Terms to your agreement with npm by
clicking a check box when enabling npm Private Modules for your account
on the Website (your _Account_). These npm Private Modules Terms then
become a part of the contract between you and npm, until you or npm
disable npm Private Modules for your Account.

## npm Private Modules

npm will provide the features and services described
in the public documentation for npm Private Modules at
<https://www.npmjs.com/private-modules>, and npm grants you permission
to use those features and services. That permission isn't exclusive to
you, and you can't transfer it or give rights to use npm Private Modules
to others.

Both your permission to use npm Private Modules and npm's commitment
to provide npm Private Modules are subject to these npm Private
Modules Terms, the npm Open Source Terms, and the following additional
conditions:

1.  When enabling npm Private Modules for your Account, you must provide
    all the payment card details requested by the Website (your _Payment
    Details_). Those details must be for a valid payment card that you
    have the right to use (your _Payment Card_). You must keep your
    Payment Details up-to-date via the Website.

2.  You must pay $7.00 via your Payment Card when you enable npm Private
    Modules and at the beginning of each calendar month while npm Private
    Modules is enabled.

## Billing

You can disable npm Private Modules at any time via the Website. npm
will not refund any payment you make for npm Private Modules after you
disable npm Private Modules.

When time or date matters for billing purposes under these npm Private
Modules Terms, the relevant time and date are those in Oakland,
California, USA.

Dollar amounts in these npm Private Modules Terms are amounts of United
States Dollars, and your payments for npm Private Modules must be
denominated in United States Dollars.

Dollar amounts in these npm Private Modules Terms do not include tax.
You will pay any tax.

Commit message:

terms: Fix Private Modules payment cycle description

private-modules-terms.md, after:

# npm Private Modules Terms

These npm Private Modules Terms of Use (these _npm Private Modules
Terms_) supplement the terms for npm Open Source offered by npm, Inc.
(_npm_) at <https://www.npmjs.com/policies/open-source-terms> (_npm
Open Source Terms_). They govern access to and use of _npm Private
Modules_, the personal private package storage and delivery features of
<https://www.npmjs.com> (the _Website_) and the npm public registry at
<https://registry.npmjs.com> (the _Public Registry_).

These npm Private Modules Terms were last updated on
November 9, 2015. You can review prior versions at
<https://github.com/npm/policies/commits/master/private-modules-terms.md>.

You may only access or use npm Private Modules by agreeing to the npm
Open Source Terms as supplemented by these npm Private Modules Terms. If
npm adds any additional functionality to npm Private Modules, you must
agree to these npm Private Modules Terms to use those new features, too.
You add these npm Private Modules Terms to your agreement with npm by
clicking a check box when enabling npm Private Modules for your account
on the Website (your _Account_). These npm Private Modules Terms then
become a part of the contract between you and npm, until you or npm
disable npm Private Modules for your Account.

## npm Private Modules

npm will provide the features and services described
in the public documentation for npm Private Modules at
<https://www.npmjs.com/private-modules>, and npm grants you permission
to use those features and services. That permission isn't exclusive to
you, and you can't transfer it or give rights to use npm Private Modules
to others.

Both your permission to use npm Private Modules and npm's commitment
to provide npm Private Modules are subject to these npm Private
Modules Terms, the npm Open Source Terms, and the following additional
conditions:

1.  When enabling npm Private Modules for your Account, you must provide
    all the payment card details requested by the Website (your _Payment
    Details_). Those details must be for a valid payment card that you
    have the right to use (your _Payment Card_). You must keep your
    Payment Details up-to-date via the Website.

2.  You must pay $7.00 via your Payment Card when you enable npm Private
    Modules and at the beginning of each successive month-long period
    while npm Private Modules remains enabled for your Account.

## Billing

You can disable npm Private Modules at any time via the Website. npm
will not refund any payment you make for npm Private Modules after you
disable npm Private Modules.

Dollar amounts in these npm Private Modules Terms are amounts of United
States Dollars, and your payments for npm Private Modules must be
denominated in United States Dollars.

Dollar amounts in these npm Private Modules Terms do not include tax.
You will pay any tax.
