security.md, before:

# npm Security Policy

Outlined in this document are the practices and policies that npm
applies to help ensure that we release stable/secure software, and
react appropriately to security threats when they arise.

## Table of Contents

1. [Reporting Security Problems to
   npm](#reporting-security-problems-to-npm)
2. [Security Point of Contact](#security-point-of-contact)
3. [Onboarding Developers](#onboarding-developers)
4. [Separation of Duties and
   Authorization](#separation-of-duties-and-authorization)
5. [Critical Updates And Security
   Notices](#critical-updates-and-security-notices)
6. [Responding to Security
   Threats](#responding-to-security-threats-and-critical-updates)
7. [Vulnerability Scanning](#vulnerability-scanning)
8. [Password Policies](#password-policies)
9. [Application Design Best
   Practices](#application-design-best-practices)
10. [Development Process](#development-process)
11. [AntiVirus Software](#antivirus-software)

## Reporting Security Problems to npm

If you need to report a security vulnerability.  Please [contact
us](https://www.npmjs.com/support) or email
[security@npmjs.com](mailto:security@npmjs.com).

We review all security reports within one business day.  Note that
the npm staff is generally offline for most US holidays, but please do
not delay your report!  Our off-hours support staff can fix many
issues, and will alert our security point of contact if needed.

## Security Point of Contact

npm's CTO [C J Silverio](mailto:ceej@npmjs.com) is the current point
of contact for all security related issues. npm's COO [Laurie Voss](mailto:laurie@npmjs.com)
is our secondary contact.

Any emails sent to <security@npmjs.com> will be escalated to the
security point of contact, who will delegate incident response
activities as appropriate.

## Onboarding Developers

All new technical hires are introduced to our security policy as part
of the onboarding process.

## Separation of Duties and Authorization

* Developers are only be given access to key npm services (Fastly,
  AWS, etc) when it's required for their job.
* [IAM](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/) is used to limit the permissions
  on AWS accounts, minimizing the damage that would be incurred if an
  account is compromised.

## Critical Updates And Security Notices

We learn about critical software updates and security threats from a
variety of sources:

* Ubuntu's security notices page: <https://usn.ubuntu.com/>
* The Node.js mailing list.
* The <security@npmjs.com> email address.
* and other media sources.

### Ubuntu Automatic Security Updates

Along with keeping an eye out for critical security updates, automatic
security updates are enabled on all of our production servers allowing
patches to be applied immediately without human intervention.

<https://help.ubuntu.com/community/AutomaticSecurityUpdates>

## Responding to Security Threats and Critical Updates

When a security threat is identified, we have the following process in
place:

1. We have the slack channel `security-all`, which is used to
   prioritize and coordinate responses to security threats.
2. Our [Security Point of Contact](#security-point-of-contact)
   oversees this discussion: managing the triage, responding to
   emails, and updating npm's status page.
3. Based on the triage, work is allocated to developers to address the
   threat:

  * `P0`: Drop everything and fix!
  * `P1`: High severity, schedule work within 7 days.
  * `P2`: Medium severity, schedule work within 30 days.
  * `P3`: Low severity, fix within 180 days.

## Vulnerability Scanning

Along with reacting to security notifications as they happen, we
proactively pen-test and audit software.

### Third-Party Audits

We perform regular penetration testing and code audits with the
security firm [Lift Security](https://liftsecurity.io/).

While working on features at npm, all engineers coordinate security
audits with the [Security Point of
Contact](#security-point-of-contact).

Documents from this process are available, and can be provided to
customers when requested.

### Automated Scanning

The cloud hosting platforms that we use provide options for automated
vulnerability scanning.

* AWS: <https://aws.amazon.com/security/penetration-testing/>

## Password Policies

* Enable 2FA on all npm related accounts.
* Passwords should be rolled every 90 days.
* Passwords should contain alpha-numeric characters and symbols.
* Passwords should be a minimum of 8 characters.
* Any systems we build that accept a username and password should
  reject a user after repeated failed login attempts.

### Don't Use Passwords

We should opt for alternative authentication methods when possible:

* Asymmetric keys for connecting to servers.
* Delegated authentication (SAML, OAuth2, etc).
* Opaque access tokens.

### SSH Keys

SSH keys should be rolled out selectively, providing developers access
to only the servers that they require access to.

## Application Design Best Practices

In the next section of the document, we discuss the design
methodologies that we use to build stable and secure software.

### Logging Practices

Logs are important for both debugging applications and detecting
security breaches in our software -- ask CJ for a speech about
logging.

#### What We Log

* We should track failed login attempts to servers:
  * Ubuntu provides this information in _/var/log/auth.log_
*  We should log the operations performed by users:
  * Ubuntu provides this information in _history_.
* Applications should provide detailed operational logs in a
  [standardized format](https://github.com/ceejbot/common-log-string).

#### Log format

All applications should contain logging for `date`, `time`,
`operation`, and a `unique request identifier`.

We use
[common-log-string](https://github.com/ceejbot/common-log-string)
internally to standardize this:

#### Backing Up Logs

At least 90 days of logs should be kept for each service. On high
traffic hosts this may require backing-up logs in cloud storage on a
regular basis.

#### Reviewing Logs

On the servers that we manage for other companies, we should audit
logs on a regular basis.

TODO: We plan to build automated anomaly detection systems in place
for our logs [see internal issue #381](https://github.com/npm/issue-tracker/issues/381).

#### Secrets in Logs

Logs should not contain any sensitive user information, e.g.,
passwords.

The module [hide-secrets](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hide-secrets)
is used to help with this.

### Limiting Access to Operating System Files

Micro-services should only have access to databases and files that
they need access to.

With our docker-based infrastructure (npm Enterprise) this is achieved by
having containers only mount folders on the root host that they
require access to.

In our production environment, this is achieved by partitioning
services across multiple hosts.

### Security Groups

Security-groups, or Zones in the case of SoftLayer, are used to limit
the network connectivity between hosts.

When deploying a service, ask: "what other services does this
actually need to connect to?"

### Storage of Data

Any sensitive user information should be encrypted at rest. Using
[encrypted EBS
drives](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSEncryption.html),
or an equivalent, is a great way to achieve this.

### Inter-Service Communication

Communication between services on the same host can be performed via
HTTP.

All inter-service communication between two hosts is performed using
TLS.

## Development Process

npm has a well-defined, security-focused, development process:

### Code Reviews

No code goes into production unless it is reviewed by at least one
other developer.

The onus is on the reviewer to ask hard questions: "what are the
ramifications of opening up port-X?", "why is this connection being
made over HTTP instead of HTTPS?"

### Deploying Updates

* Any new code pushed to production is first thoroughly tested in a
  staging environment.
* Mechanisms are in place for rolling back any changes that are pushed
  to production.
  * If a schema-change is involved, an inverse migration is first
    tested in staging (we want to be confident that we should role
    things back).

### Unit Testing

We love testing at npm:

* During the code-review process, if you see logic that's complicated
  and lacks a test, politely ask the developer for a test.
* It's particularly important that tests are added to logic that
  interacts with sensitive parts of the system: ACL logic, password
  validation, database access.
* Tests should not contain user-data, make sure to anonymize email
  addresses, usernames, etc.
* Test coverage is a great way to make sure all of the nooks and
  crannies of your codebase are tested. npm maintains two tools for
  test coverage internally [tap](https://github.com/isaacs/node-tap),
  and [nyc](https://github.com/bcoe/nyc).
* Any new functionality should always come with a test to verify that
  it does what we think it does.
* Any bug fix should always come with a test so that we don't have to
  encounter the same bug multiple times.

### Design Cycle

The design process, and management techniques vary from team to team
at npm.  Across the board, however, we strive to have continuous
deployments. Releasing many small features as they become production
ready.

Security is taken into account during all phases of the software
development life-cycle: unit tests think about potential threats; when
testing on staging, we attempt to test potential exploits, etc.

## AntiVirus Software

On our managed Ubuntu hosts, we run the
[ClamAV](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/ClamAV) AntiVirus software.

### When A Virus Is Identified

The infected server should be retired, and a new server should be
provisioned from scratch.

## Changes

This is a living document and may be updated from time to time.
Please refer to the [git history for this
document](https://github.com/npm/policies/commits/master/security.md)
to view the changes.

## License

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

Commit message:

Partial update of security policies
Covers
* New internal security team
* New points of contact
* Inclusion of Google Cloud

Explicitly still in need of update:
* Logging changes
* Password and auth changes
* Dev process changes

security.md, after:

# npm Security Policy

Outlined in this document are the practices and policies that npm
applies to help ensure that we release stable/secure software, and
react appropriately to security threats when they arise.

## Table of Contents

1. [Reporting Security Problems to
   npm](#reporting-security-problems-to-npm)
2. [Security Point of Contact](#security-point-of-contact)
3. [Onboarding Developers](#onboarding-developers)
4. [Separation of Duties and
   Authorization](#separation-of-duties-and-authorization)
5. [Critical Updates And Security
   Notices](#critical-updates-and-security-notices)
6. [Responding to Security
   Threats](#responding-to-security-threats-and-critical-updates)
7. [Vulnerability Scanning](#vulnerability-scanning)
8. [Password Policies](#password-policies)
9. [Application Design Best
   Practices](#application-design-best-practices)
10. [Development Process](#development-process)
11. [AntiVirus Software](#antivirus-software)

## Reporting Security Problems to npm

If you need to report a security vulnerability.  Please [contact
us](https://www.npmjs.com/support) or email
[security@npmjs.com](mailto:security@npmjs.com). If your issue 
is specific to your account, such as lost credentials, contacting [support@npmjs.com](mailto:support@npmjs.com) is more appropriate.

We review all security reports within one business day.  Note that
the npm staff is generally offline for most US holidays, but please do
not delay your report!  Our off-hours support staff can fix many
issues, and will alert our security point of contact if needed.

## Security Point of Contact

Any emails sent to <security@npmjs.com> will be escalated to the
security point of contact, who will delegate incident response
activities as appropriate. This is the best and fastest way to contact npm about any security-related matter.

npm's Head of Security [Adam Baldwin](mailto:adam@npmjs.com) is the current point
of contact for all security related issues. npm's CTO [CJ Silverio](mailto:ceej@npmjs.com)
is our secondary contact.


## Onboarding Developers

All new technical hires are introduced to our security policy as part
of the onboarding process.

## Separation of Duties and Authorization

* Developers are only be given access to key npm services (Cloudflare,
  AWS, Google Cloud, etc) when it's required for their job.
* IAM is used to limit the permissions on AWS and Google Cloud accounts, minimizing the damage that would be incurred if an account is compromised. We use IAM services provided both by [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/) and [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/iam/)

## Critical Updates And Security Notices

We learn about critical software updates and security threats from a
variety of sources:

* Ubuntu's security notices page: <https://usn.ubuntu.com/>
* The Node.js mailing list.
* The <security@npmjs.com> email address.
* and other media sources.

### Ubuntu Automatic Security Updates

Along with keeping an eye out for critical security updates, automatic
security updates are enabled on all of our production servers allowing
patches to be applied immediately without human intervention.

<https://help.ubuntu.com/community/AutomaticSecurityUpdates>

## Responding to Security Threats and Critical Updates

When a security threat is identified, we have the following process in
place:

1. We have the slack channel `security-all`, which is used to
   prioritize and coordinate responses to security threats.
2. Our [Security Point of Contact](#security-point-of-contact)
   oversees this discussion: managing the triage, responding to
   emails, and updating npm's status page.
3. Based on the triage, work is allocated to developers to address the
   threat:

  * `P0`: Drop everything and fix!
  * `P1`: High severity, schedule work within 7 days.
  * `P2`: Medium severity, schedule work within 30 days.
  * `P3`: Low severity, fix within 180 days.

## Vulnerability Scanning

Along with reacting to security notifications as they happen, we
proactively pen-test and audit software.

### Internal Audits

We have a dedicated security team who perform ongoing penetration testing, code auditing, and other forms of security oversight.

While working on features at npm, all engineers coordinate security
audits with the [Security Point of Contact](#security-point-of-contact).

Documentation of our internal audits is available, and can be provided to customers when requested.

### Automated Scanning

The cloud hosting platforms that we use provide options for automated
vulnerability scanning.

* AWS: <https://aws.amazon.com/security/penetration-testing/>
* Google Cloud: <https://cloud.google.com/security-scanner/>

## Password Policies

* Enable 2FA on all npm related accounts.
* Passwords should be rolled every 90 days.
* Passwords should contain alpha-numeric characters and symbols.
* Passwords should be a minimum of 8 characters.
* Any systems we build that accept a username and password should
  reject a user after repeated failed login attempts.

### Don't Use Passwords

We should opt for alternative authentication methods when possible:

* Asymmetric keys for connecting to servers.
* Delegated authentication (SAML, OAuth2, etc).
* Opaque access tokens.

### SSH Keys

SSH keys should be rolled out selectively, providing developers access
to only the servers that they require access to.

## Application Design Best Practices

In the next section of the document, we discuss the design
methodologies that we use to build stable and secure software.

### Logging Practices

Logs are important for both debugging applications and detecting
security breaches in our software -- ask CJ for a speech about
logging.

#### What We Log

* We should track failed login attempts to servers:
  * Ubuntu provides this information in _/var/log/auth.log_
*  We should log the operations performed by users:
  * Ubuntu provides this information in _history_.
* Applications should provide detailed operational logs in a
  [standardized format](https://github.com/ceejbot/common-log-string).

#### Log format

All applications should contain logging for `date`, `time`,
`operation`, and a `unique request identifier`.

We use
[common-log-string](https://github.com/ceejbot/common-log-string)
internally to standardize this:

#### Backing Up Logs

At least 90 days of logs should be kept for each service. On high
traffic hosts this may require backing-up logs in cloud storage on a
regular basis.

#### Reviewing Logs

On the servers that we manage for other companies, we should audit
logs on a regular basis.

TODO: We plan to build automated anomaly detection systems in place
for our logs [see internal issue #381](https://github.com/npm/issue-tracker/issues/381).

#### Secrets in Logs

Logs should not contain any sensitive user information, e.g.,
passwords.

The module [hide-secrets](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hide-secrets)
is used to help with this.

### Limiting Access to Operating System Files

Micro-services should only have access to databases and files that
they need access to.

With our docker-based infrastructure (npm Enterprise) this is achieved by
having containers only mount folders on the root host that they
require access to.

In our production environment, this is achieved by partitioning
services across multiple hosts.

### Security Groups

Security groups are used to limit the network connectivity between hosts.

When deploying a service, ask: "what other services does this
actually need to connect to?"

### Storage of Data

Any sensitive user information should be encrypted at rest. Using
[encrypted EBS
drives](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSEncryption.html),
or an equivalent, is a great way to achieve this.

### Inter-Service Communication

Communication between services on the same host can be performed via
HTTP.

All inter-service communication between two hosts is performed using
TLS.

## Development Process

npm has a well-defined, security-focused, development process:

### Code Reviews

No code goes into production unless it is reviewed by at least one
other developer.

The onus is on the reviewer to ask hard questions: "what are the
ramifications of opening up port-X?", "why is this connection being
made over HTTP instead of HTTPS?"

### Deploying Updates

* Any new code pushed to production is first thoroughly tested in a
  staging environment.
* Mechanisms are in place for rolling back any changes that are pushed
  to production.
  * If a schema-change is involved, an inverse migration is first
    tested in staging (we want to be confident that we should role
    things back).

### Unit Testing

We love testing at npm:

* During the code-review process, if you see logic that's complicated
  and lacks a test, politely ask the developer for a test.
* It's particularly important that tests are added to logic that
  interacts with sensitive parts of the system: ACL logic, password
  validation, database access.
* Tests should not contain user-data, make sure to anonymize email
  addresses, usernames, etc.
* Test coverage is a great way to make sure all of the nooks and
  crannies of your codebase are tested. npm maintains two tools for
  test coverage internally [tap](https://github.com/isaacs/node-tap),
  and [nyc](https://github.com/bcoe/nyc).
* Any new functionality should always come with a test to verify that
  it does what we think it does.
* Any bug fix should always come with a test so that we don't have to
  encounter the same bug multiple times.

### Design Cycle

The design process, and management techniques vary from team to team
at npm.  Across the board, however, we strive to have continuous
deployments. Releasing many small features as they become production
ready.

Security is taken into account during all phases of the software
development life-cycle: unit tests think about potential threats; when
testing on staging, we attempt to test potential exploits, etc.

## AntiVirus Software

On our managed Ubuntu hosts, we run the
[ClamAV](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/ClamAV) AntiVirus software.

### When A Virus Is Identified

The infected server should be retired, and a new server should be
provisioned from scratch.

## Changes

This is a living document and may be updated from time to time.
Please refer to the [git history for this
document](https://github.com/npm/policies/commits/master/security.md)
to view the changes.

## License

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
