trademark.md, before:

# npm Trademark Policy

## What is npm?

npm is a package manager for Node.js modules.   It was created in 2009
by Isaac Schlueter as an open source project to help JavaScript
developers share modules (aka packages) of code in a very easy and
efficient way.

The npm project contains two main parts:

1. The npm client, which is bundled with the Node.js platform, and is
   used as a command line tool to install and publish packages.  It is
   simply called "npm".  Its code is available as an open-source
   project: https://github.com/npm/npm
2. The npm registry service.   When a user of the npm client runs the
   command npm install example-package, the npm client retrieves the
   package and all related dependencies from the npm registry service.
   The example output looks like this:

```BASH
user1-MacBook-Pro-2:~ user1$ npm install example-package
npm http GET https://registry.npmjs.org/example-package
npm http 200 https://registry.npmjs.org/example-package
example-package@2.4.1 node_modules/example-package
```

The registry is run as a free (as in beer) public service for anyone
wanting to publish an open source package and for anyone to install an
open source package.

## What is npm, Inc. and what is its mission statement?

npm, Inc. is a company co-founded by npm's creator, Isaac Schlueter,
along with Laurie Voss and Rod Boothby.

npm, Inc. is dedicated to the long term success of the JavaScript
community, which includes the success of the open-source Node.js and
npm projects.

At npm, Inc. we do three things to support this goal:

1.	Run the open source registry as a free service.
2.	Build tools and operate services that support the secure use of
    packages in a private or enterprise context.
3.	Build innovative new tools and services for the developer
    community.

## Why npm, Inc. has a trademark policy

npm, Inc. has filed for trademarks for the npm name and logo. We have
developed this trademark usage policy with the following goals in
mind:

* We'd like to make it easy for anyone to use the npm name or logo for
  community-oriented efforts that help spread and improve npm.</br>
* We'd like to make it clear how npm-related businesses and projects
  can (and cannot) use the npm name and logo.</br>
* We'd like to make it hard for anyone to use the npm name and logo to
  unfairly profit from, trick, or confuse people who are looking for
  official npm resources.</br>

## Nominative use - No need to type ™ on twitter

It's perfectly OK to use "npm" to refer to npm, Inc., to the npm
software, and to the npm public registry.  That's different from using
npm in the name of one's own product or service. 

Nominative use means it's OK to refer to something that is
trademarked, but it is not OK to incorporate one company's trademark
into another company's product, service, or company name.   That's why
you would need permission from the trademark owner to open "Discount
Nike Shoes" or "iPad App Marketplace".

## The npm trademark policy

We ask that you get permission from npm, Inc. to use the npm name or
logo as part of the name of any project, product, service, domain or
company.

We will grant permission to use the npm name and logo for projects
that meet the following criteria:

* The primary purpose of your project is to promote the spread and
  improvement of the npm client software or the npm registry service.
* Your project is non-commercial in nature (it can make money to cover
  its costs or contribute to non-profit entities, but it cannot be run
  as a for-profit project or business).
* Your project neither promotes nor is associated with entities that
  currently fail to comply with the Artistic License 2.0 under which
  npm is distributed, or which are in violation of this trademark
  policy.

For other projects, we have set up the following rules around the use
of the npm trademark:

<OL type="A">
<LI>It is not OK use npm in the name of any product, service, or
project, except after the preposition "for". For example, "Private
Registry Hosting for npm". You should not use npm in a company or
domain name for a package registry or related service without our
permission.</LI>
<LI>When referring to the npm software in body text, the first usage
should be followed by a generic term such as "package manager" to
provide context. npm should never be used or explained as an
acronym.</LI>
<LI>When referring to the npm public registry, please follow npm with
the word "registry" or the phrase "public registry".</LI>
<LI>When referring to a private registry for npm packages, please
describe it as "private registry for npm packages" or as a
npm-registry proxy when first referring to it in the text.</LI>
<LI>References to the owner of the npm client software and the
operator of the npm public registry should be to npm, Inc.</LI></br>
<LI>Any materials referring to npm should include the following notice
in the fine print: "npm is a trademark of npm, Inc."</LI></OL>

Examples of ways to use the term "npm" in a name

* <Your consulting co's> services for npm  
  e.g. Pink Unicorn Consulting Ltd. services for npm
* <Your software co's> private registry for npm  
  e.g. Purple Unicorn Inc. private registry server for npm

An examples of away to refer to npm when describing your solution:

* **Paypal/Kappa, a hierarchical npm-registry proxy**

    In the case of Kappa, it is clear that the open source project
    name is "Kappa" so no one would be reasonably confused that it is
    the official npm client, or the official npm registry.

    Explaining that something is a proxy of the npm registry is OK.

When in doubt about your use of the npm name or logo, please contact
npm, Inc. for clarification.

## The npm Logo

Our npm Logo is very recognizable and deserves special treatment. The
npm Logo signifies us, or a special relationship with us, and you
should use it only with our permission. Since the goal is to avoid
confusion about you being us, or your relationship with us, context
counts, and we will consider requests on a case-by-case basis.

## License

Copyright (C) npm, Inc., All rights reserved

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

Commit message:

tm: Add changes link, fix some typos

trademark.md, after:

# npm Trademark Policy

## What is npm?

npm is a package manager for Node.js modules.   It was created in 2009
by Isaac Schlueter as an open source project to help JavaScript
developers share modules (aka packages) of code in a very easy and
efficient way.

The npm project contains two main parts:

1. The npm client, which is bundled with the Node.js platform, and is
   used as a command line tool to install and publish packages.  It is
   simply called "npm".  Its code is available as an open-source
   project: https://github.com/npm/npm
2. The npm registry service.   When a user of the npm client runs the
   command npm install example-package, the npm client retrieves the
   package and all related dependencies from the npm registry service.
   The example output looks like this:

```BASH
user1-MacBook-Pro-2:~ user1$ npm install example-package
npm http GET https://registry.npmjs.org/example-package
npm http 200 https://registry.npmjs.org/example-package
example-package@2.4.1 node_modules/example-package
```

The registry is run as a free (as in beer) public service for anyone
wanting to publish an open source package and for anyone to install an
open source package.

## What is npm, Inc. and what is its mission statement?

npm, Inc. is a company co-founded by npm's creator, Isaac Schlueter,
along with Laurie Voss and Rod Boothby.

npm, Inc. is dedicated to the long term success of the JavaScript
community, which includes the success of the open-source Node.js and
npm projects.

At npm, Inc. we do three things to support this goal:

1.	Run the open source registry as a free service.
2.	Build tools and operate services that support the secure use of
    packages in a private or enterprise context.
3.	Build innovative new tools and services for the developer
    community.

## Why npm, Inc. has a trademark policy

npm, Inc. has filed for trademarks for the npm name and logo. We have
developed this trademark usage policy with the following goals in
mind:

* We'd like to make it easy for anyone to use the npm name or logo for
  community-oriented efforts that help spread and improve npm.
* We'd like to make it clear how npm-related businesses and projects
  can (and cannot) use the npm name and logo.
* We'd like to make it hard for anyone to use the npm name and logo to
  unfairly profit from, trick, or confuse people who are looking for
  official npm resources.

## Nominative use - No need to type ™ on twitter

It's perfectly OK to use "npm" to refer to npm, Inc., to the npm
software, and to the npm public registry.  That's different from using
npm in the name of one's own product or service. 

Nominative use means it's OK to refer to something that is
trademarked, but it is not OK to incorporate one company's trademark
into another company's product, service, or company name.   That's why
you would need permission from the trademark owner to open "Discount
Nike Shoes" or "iPad App Marketplace".

## The npm trademark policy

We ask that you get permission from npm, Inc. to use the npm name or
logo as part of the name of any project, product, service, domain or
company.

We will grant permission to use the npm name and logo for projects
that meet the following criteria:

* The primary purpose of your project is to promote the spread and
  improvement of the npm client software or the npm registry service.
* Your project is non-commercial in nature (it can make money to cover
  its costs or contribute to non-profit entities, but it cannot be run
  as a for-profit project or business).
* Your project neither promotes nor is associated with entities that
  currently fail to comply with the Artistic License 2.0 under which
  npm is distributed, or which are in violation of this trademark
  policy.

For other projects, we have set up the following rules around the use
of the npm trademark:

<OL type="A">
<LI>It is not OK use npm in the name of any product, service, or
project, except after the preposition "for". For example, "Private
Registry Hosting for npm". You should not use npm in a company or
domain name for a package registry or related service without our
permission.</LI>
<LI>When referring to the npm software in body text, the first usage
should be followed by a generic term such as "package manager" to
provide context. npm should never be used or explained as an
acronym.</LI>
<LI>When referring to the npm public registry, please follow npm with
the word "registry" or the phrase "public registry".</LI>
<LI>When referring to a private registry for npm packages, please
describe it as "private registry for npm packages" or as a
npm-registry proxy when first referring to it in the text.</LI>
<LI>References to the owner of the npm client software and the
operator of the npm public registry should be to npm, Inc.</LI>
<LI>Any materials referring to npm should include the following notice
in the fine print: "npm is a trademark of npm, Inc."</LI></OL>

Examples of ways to use the term "npm" in a name

* <Your consulting co's> services for npm  
  e.g. Pink Unicorn Consulting Ltd. services for npm
* <Your software co's> private registry for npm  
  e.g. Purple Unicorn Inc. private registry server for npm

An example of a way to refer to npm when describing your solution:

* **Paypal/Kappa, a hierarchical npm-registry proxy**

    In the case of Kappa, it is clear that the open source project
    name is "Kappa" so no one would be reasonably confused that it is
    the official npm client, or the official npm registry.

    Explaining that something is a proxy of the npm registry is OK.

When in doubt about your use of the npm name or logo, please [contact
npm, Inc.](http://www.npmjs.com/contact) for clarification.

## The npm Logo

Our npm Logo is very recognizable and deserves special treatment. The
npm Logo signifies us, or a special relationship with us, and you
should use it only with our permission. Since the goal is to avoid
confusion about you being us, or your relationship with us, context
counts. We will consider requests on a case-by-case basis.

## Changes

This is a living document and may be updated from time to time.
Please refer to the [git history for this
document](https://github.com/npm/policies/commits/master/trademark.md)
to view the changes.

## License

Copyright (C) npm, Inc., All rights reserved

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
